Who am I you sure you want to know if
somebody told you I was just your
average ordinary guy not a care in the
world somebody lied truth is it wasn't
always like this there was a time when
life was a lot less complicated can I
take your picture for the school paper
sure in this lab we have 15 genetically
enhanced super spiders
there's 14 ones missing are you all
right I'm fine
people look you're changing I know I
went to exactly the same thing at your
age no not exactly
Wow
Peter may I introduce my father Norman
Osborn great honor to meet you sir Harry
tells me you're quite the science whiz
you know I'm something of a scientist
myself
it's not
whatever it is somebody has to stop it
with great power comes great
responsibility this is my gift Wow it is
my curse how are you Who am I
I'm spider-man
do I get to say thank you this time
you do too much you're not Superman you
know
you